Remove outdated Renarde references in OIDC and web guides (#49967)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-providers.adoc

`quarkus.oidc.provider` configuration property has been introduced to refer to well-known OpenID Connect and OAuth2 providers. This property can be used to refer to a provider such as `github` with only a minimum number of customizations required, typically, an account specific `client id`, `client secret` and some properties have to be set to complete the configuration.

> This property can be used in `application.properties`, in xref:security-openid-connect-multitenancy.adoc[multi-tenant] set-ups if more than one provider has to be configured.

Reviewer: Hi @bhawnapannu2701, looks like the agreed update was lost (specifically the reference to `TenantConfigResolver`),  so let's retry

```suggestion
This property can be used in `application.properties` and in custom xref:security-openid-connect-multitenancy.adoc#tenant-config-resolver[TenantConfigResolvers] if the tenant configurations are created dynamically.
```

After it is merged, please replace `pick` with `f` for the commit related to this suggestion, and start a squash relative to the commit which is preceding your original commit.

So, for example, do
```
git log --abbrev-commit
git rebase -i <commit-before-your-commit>
```

and this will show 2 commits with `pick`, your one and the one related to the suggestion, and you replace `pick` with `f` for this suggestion's commit
